I'm an addict what's go is good you now
tuned to youtube-dot-com forward-slash
the sneaker addict I go by the name of
DJ Dells brand-new video man hype about
this video pequeno one is definitely the
building hanging out which is chilling
this package just came in and I cannot
wait to open it so a lot of people want
me to design an Air Force swarm they've
been asking me for the longest y'all do
a bespoke those that do not know what a
bespoke is it's a program that Nike has
at 21 Mercer in New York City where you
can design your own Air Force One
you could add whatever materials you
want you could really go above and
beyond and really do whatever you really
want with the sneaker not whatever but
pretty damn close to it the thing is it
costs eight hundred twenty dollars now I
know some of my viewers are going to say
man come on stop being so damn cheap
eight hundred twenty dollars that's what
the problem is nowadays with sneaker
game the game
everyone's so quick to spend that money
so we need to say it's a game of money
it's not any money it's about to come up
it's about trying to save money that's
what that's what the sneaker game to me
it's about saving money I'm not
impressed to be able to buy everything
think about it what's impressive about
that are you have money you know besides
that that's not impressing about that
but but if you're able to you know make
something that's hot
phony like 200 hours that's impressive
to me and I'm really excited about this
because I think this is going to come
out crazy you know I did I designed this
sneaker and for myself like you know
this is what this is a sneaker that I'm
gonna want to wear and I hope it looks
right you see what the date is today it
took man long for them to do this damn
sneaker they said they ran out of
materials which is a crockett you know
what you know what I mean come on man
but whatever I'm not gonna sit here and
just whine and complain you guys want to
see the sneaker and I'm shorting too and
this is exciting we're going to share
this moment together because I haven't
looked at these so this is the card they
gave where Air Force Ones I'm not be
Air Force one guy I'm a white-on-white
Air Force one guy that's what I grew up
on all in color ways like I don't even
know I forgot the name off top or
someone on Twitter was asking me about
some Filipino Air Force Ones man I can't
I told him straight up I can't help you
you know he's brought to Talk Jordans
you want to talk some Air Jordans we
could talk Foamposites and basketball
sneakers like you know but some low Air
Force Ones I'm walking thesaurus so Oh
God
so yeah these things are crazy like not
to diss anyone and I'm not trying to
sound like I'm the man or anything but
I'm confident with what I do you know
what I mean I see bespoke that people
spent eight hundred twenty dollars that
was so boring and so just not out there
not creative and not artistic and not
like wow and this sneaker I spent 200 I
was on and actually I spent less cuz I
had a cold so on shout out to someone
that hit me with a cold but I think this
looks nicer
check it out this is crazy right here
yeah so this is my first ever air force
woman I ever designed here my newborn in
the background she's chilling what do
you think of these one what sleeping
you think you like them cuz another set
of laces so let's do a close-up review
of this sneaker I'm very happy with this
sneaker it came out exactly how I wanted
it to tile of elephant put I just wanted
an elephant print this whole damn
sneaker so so you got Navy LF print
around the toe box then you got like the
cement elephant print on the side panel
and then you got a varsity elephant
print on the swoosh and on the nike air
hits a red on the air and then on the
midsole and outsole looks cool grey the
tongue the whole entire tongue the whole
entire tongue is a navy elephant print
also and then the interior is cool grey
also this new it's crazy
I think wish I had another pair of these
wow these are crazy first Air Force one
I designed I think I hit it pretty good
I think this is a very nice I'm not
trying to you know gas myself up as I
said but this thing is gorgeous let me
know your thoughts on this sneaker I'm
actually going to show you what these
look like on feet I mean I have to this
is crazy right here and we'll be right
back alright here's what they look like
going feet
you
leave them comments shall I told my fans
or my supporters oh you fellas all you
ladies that support me you over my
inspiration always so I appreciate you
and you haters children
who inspired me to in a different way
so there you go you saw what they look
like all feet leave a comment let me
know how you feel about this sneaker
right here you go pal I designed these
sneakers this is like my fifth six
sneak-up designs if you want to see the
rest of my designs go on the main page
at youtube-dot-com forward-slash the
sneaker addict and you can watch a gain
of different sneakers i've designed from
LeBron to Kobe's to F words once with
that said your boy DJ downs is a happy
sneaker addict really happy about this
sneaker right here excellent make sure
you check out the sleek on account
morning new tonight like clockwork
make sure to follow my twitter
twitter.com /dj dells make sure to LIKE
this video if you like what I'm doing
make sure to subscribe to my channel
also if you have not subscribed yet you
know how we do I'll be back really
relaxed